Update server-core-roles-and-services.md (#4913)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/administration/server-core/server-core-roles-and-services.md

| Remote Access                         | DirectAccess and VPN (RAS)                                     | DirectAccess-VPN        | N                     |
|                                       | Routing                                                        | Routing                 | N                     |
|                                       | Web Application Proxy                                          | Web-Application-Proxy   | N                     |

> | Remote Desktop Services               | Remote Desktop Connection Broker*                               | RDS-Connection-Broker   | N                     |

Reviewer: formatting: we like to keep the table line structure intact
```suggestion
| Remote Desktop Services               | Remote Desktop Connection Broker*                              | RDS-Connection-Broker   | N                     |
```

| WINS Server                                            | WINS                               | N                     |
| WoW64 Support                                          | WoW64-Support                      | Y                     |
|                                                        |                                    |                       |

> *Services indicated with a * are no longer available in server core starting with Server 2019 1803.

Reviewer: improvement suggestion (readability & formatting):
```suggestion
* Services indicated with an asterisk ( * ) are no longer available in server core starting with Server 2019 1803.
```
